CSI Publications
===============================

To cite CSI, please use the doi of the github code and/or cite one of the papers below.

* Jolivet, R., Jara, J., Dalaison, M., Rouet-Leduc, B., Özdemir, A., Dogan, U., Çakir, Z., Ergintav & Dubernet, P., 2023. Daily to centennial behavior of aseismic slip along the central section of the North Anatolian Fault, JGR - Solid Earth, Vol. 128(7), doi: `10.1029/2022JB026018 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2022JB026018>`_
* Caballero, E., Duputel, Z., Twardzik, C., Rivera, L., Klein, E., Jiang, J., Liang, C., Zhu, L., Jolivet, R., Fielding, E. & Simons, M. 2023. Revisiting the 2015 Mw=8.3 Illapel earthquake: Unveiling complex fault slip properties using Bayesian inversion, Geophysical Journal International, doi: `10.1093/gji/ggad380 <https://doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggad380>`_
* Raimbault, B., R. Jolivet, E. Calais, S. Symithe, Y. Fukushima & P. Dubernet, Rupture Geometry and Slip Distribution of the Mw 7.2 Nippes Earthquake, Haiti, From Space Geodetic Data, 2022. Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems, doi: `10.1029/2022GC010752 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2022GC010752>`_
* Calais et al., Citizen seismology helps decipher the 2021 Haiti earthquake, 2021. Science, doi: `10.1126/science.abn1045 <https://doi.org/10.1126/science.abn1045>`_
* Dalaison, M., R. Jolivet, E. M. van Risjingen & S. Michel, 2021. The interplay between seismic and aseismic slip along the Chaman fault illuminated by InSAR, JGR - Solid Earth, Vol. 126, doi: `10.1029/2021JB021935 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2021JB021935>`_
* Caballero, E., A. Chounet, Z. Duputel, J. Jara, C. Twardzik & R. Jolivet, 2021. Seismic and aseismic fault slip during the initiation phase of the 2017 Mw 6.9 Valparaiso earthquake, Geophysical Research Letters, doi: `10.1029/2020GL091916 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2020GL091916>`_
* Dianala, J. D., R. Jolivet, M. Y. Thomas, Y. Fukushima, B. Parsons & R. Walker, 2020. The relationship between seismic and aseismic slip on the Philippine Fault on Leye Island: Bayesian modeling of fault slip and geothermal subsidence, JGR-Solid Earth, doi: `10.1029/2020JB020052 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2020JB020052>`_
* Jolivet, R., M. Simons, Z. Duputel, J.-A. Olive, H. S. Bhat & Q. Bletery, 2020. Interseismic coupling drives long-term uplift in northern Chile, Geophysical Research Letters, doi: `10.1029/2019GL085377 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2019GL085377>`_
* Dal Zilio, L., R. Jolivet & Y. Van Dinther, 2020. Segmentation of the Main Himalayan Thrust Illuminated by Bayesian Inference of Interseismic Coupling, Geophysical Research Letters, doi: `10.1029/2019GL086424    <https://doi.org/10.1029/2019GL086424>`_
* Gombert, B., Z. Duputel, E. Shabani, L. Rivera, R. Jolivet & J. Hollingsworth, 2019. Impulsive source of the 2017, Mw=7.3, Ezgeleh, Iran, earthquake, Geophysical Research Letters, doi: `10.1029/2018GL081794  <https://doi.org/10.1029/2018GL081794>`_
* Gombert, B., Z. Duputel, R. Jolivet, M. Simons, J. Jiang, C. Liang, E. Fielding & L. Rivera, 2018. Strain budget of the Ecuador-Colombia subduction zone: a stochastic view, Earth and Planetary Science Letters, doi: `10.1016/j.epsl.2018.06.046 <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.epsl.2018.06.046>`_
* Gardonio, B., R. Jolivet, E. Calais & H. Leclère, 2018. The April 2017 Mw6.5 Botswana Earthquake: An Intraplate Event Triggered by Deep Fluids, Geophysical Research Letters, doi: `10.1029/2018GL078297 <https://doi.org/10.1029/2018GL078297>`_
* Gombert, B., Z. Duputel, R. Jolivet C. Doubre, L. Rivera & M. Simons, 2018. Revisiting the 1992 Landers earthquake: a Bayesian exploration of co-seismic slip and off-fault damage, Geophysical Journal International, Vol. 212(2), pp.839-852, doi: `10.1093/gji/ggx455 <https://doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggx455>`_
* Rousset, B., R. Jolivet, M. Simons, C. Lasserre, B. Riel, P. Milillo, Z. Çakir & F. Renard, 2016. An aseismic slip transient on the North Anatolian faut, Geophysical Research Letters, Vol. 43 (7), pp. 3254-3263, doi: `10.1002/2016GL068250 <https://doi.org/10.1002/2016GL068250>`_
* Elliott, J. R., R. Jolivet, P. J. Gonzalez, J.-P. Avouac, J. Hollingsworth, M. P. Searle & V. Stevens, 2016. Himalayan megathrust geometry and relation to topography revealed by the Gorkha earthquake, Nature Geoscience, Vol. 9, doi: `10.1038/ngeo2623 <https://doi.org/10.1038/ngeo2623>`_
* Lin, N. Y., R. Jolivet, M. Simons, P. S. Agram, H. R. Martens, Z. Li & S. H. Lodi, 2015. High interseismic coupling in the eastern Makran (Pakistan) subduction zone, Earth and Planetary Science Letters, Vol. 420 (C), pp. 116-126, doi: `10.1016/j.epsl.2015.03.037 <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.epsl.2015.03.037>`_
* Jolivet, R., M. Simons, P. S. Agram, Z. Duputel & Z.-K. Shen, 2015. Aseismic slip and seismogenic coupling along the central San Andreas Fault, Geophysical Research Letters, Vol. 42, doi: `10.1002/2014GL062222 <https://doi.org/10.1002/2014GL062222>`_
* Duputel, Z, J. Jiang, R. Jolivet, M. Simons, L. Rivera, J.-P. Ampuero, B. Riel, S. E. Owens, A. W. Moore, S. V. Samsonov, F. Ortega-Culaciati & S. Minson, 2015. The Iquique earthquake sequence of April 2014: Bayesian modeling accounting for prediction uncertainty, Geophysical Research Letters, Vol. 42 (19), pp. 7949-7957, doi: `10.1002/2015GL065402 <https://doi.org/10.1002/2015GL065402>`_
* Jolivet, R.,, Z. Duputel, B. Riel, M. Simons, L. Rivera, S. Minson, H. Zhang, M. Aivazis, F. Ayoub, S. Leprince, S. Samsonov, M. Motagh & E. J. Fielding, 2014. The 2013 Mw7.7 Balochistan earthquake: seismic potential of an accretionary wedge, Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America,, Vol. 104 (2), pp. 1020-1030, doi: `10.1785/0120130313 <https://doi.org/10.1785/0120130313>`_


